[MUSIC]
In this video, we're going to look at
a data visualization tool called QlikView.
You'll learn what QlikView is,
when, and why to use it.
Let's start with an overview.
QlikView is an analytics and visualization
tool for advanced data investigation.
QlikView allows you to
bring in all of your data
from different sources to
create visualizations.
This allows decision makers to
see their data in real time,
to find opportunities, and
make changes where needed.
QlikView is similar to dev low, but
it can be used for more complex analytics.
You can create graphs and
charts on the front end,
and the user can interact with that
data and slice it and dice it.
The interface of the software
is easy to understand, and
is likely to target more
professional users, or power users.
The software is flexible and customizable,
with its programmable BI platform.
Not only can the user develop
new types of charts, but
using functions, the user can save
part of the work for later use.
Users can use clip view either for
analytic purpose, with ad hoc analysis and
predictable analytics,
as well as reporting features like ad hoc
reporting and customizable dashboards.
The software can support
multiple data sources
which gives it the ability
to do complex analysis.
My colleague, Rammy Cedra,
is going to talk about how his team
uses QlikView to solve client problems.
>> Hi, I'm Ramy Sedra.
My team and I worked with
the organizations to turn data
into actionable insights.
While working with the financial services
organization they want it to optimize
the channel that our
clients were assigned to.
A channel is a branch,
private banking, or tele-banking team.
So we leverage collect to build a decision
tree, the statistical model, and
to analyze and optimize the allocation
of clients to channels based on client
segments, product portfolio, geography,
and other related client and market data.
We use the data from the financial
institution, some geospatial data,
census data, and other proprietary
data sets to perform the analysis,
build the model, and the visualizations.
We did this work in
approximately six weeks.
So the agility of the tool was
really a big factor in our success.
Qlik enabled us to rapidly pull the data
together, the links between datasets and
show the visualizations in
a compelling in interactive manner.
The value to the client is that
they can quickly see the insights
from the analysis and
really paints the picture.
Qlik leaves the client with
a tool they can interact with.
They can perform their own analysis,
think of more questions that they
can answer with their own data.
It really closes the gap
between the business users.
And the insights hidden in the data.
One of the benefits of using Qlick is that
it can integrated with other softwares
such as SAP, Microsoft SQL server,
Oracle, Excel.
And as a result, gaining access to a broad
set of data is really quite simple and
can be done cost effectively.
Another benefit of collect is that
it can be used to create a complete
BI infrastructure needed for
advanced reporting, dashboards that leads,
and supports really complex analysis.
The Qlik interface is easy to use and
easy to understand.
That's likely to be adopted by
business users and power users alike.
The software is flexible, customizable,
with it's programmable, and
analytic platform.
Not only can the users develop new
types of charts, and visualizations.
But they can save their work for
later use.
The calculation in Qlik is very powerful.
The tool can handle large data
volumes without impacting performance
thanks to it's in memory features.
Qlik's mobile solution is quite
interactive and easy to use.
Collaborative features such
as chat are very powerful for
sharing insights amongst
a group of stakeholders.
While Qlik is a great tool, for even more
compelling visualizations you may want to
consider exploring Qlik Sense,
Qlik's softwares other product.
These our some of the benefits of
using QlikView to visualize your data.
>> Thanks, Ramy.
So now you have a high level understanding
of the world QlikView in data and
analytics.
[MUSIC]